sir I don't understand that closed more
cases of athe FBI she's a tight ass
federal agent you're skilled but you're
not a team player none of the other
agents like she's a badass Boston cop
the FBI has jurisdiction she's looking
for my balls captain's balls let me know
they're about this big like really
really tiny little girl balls if little
girls had balls
the hardest thing they'll have to do I'm
not expecting you this work together but
I'm you need this I'm a trained
interviewer or we could go in and beat
him with a foam ball you just need to be
patient
[Music]
hank lesoire got tons of ties to the
drug world there he is you don't fit in
I'm a federal agent really cuz you look
like you're gonna set up a table who do
their taxes what are those
they're Spanx they hold everything
together
why what's gonna come pop it out
no no no you said that thing ticks have
enough for days
surprise I can't lift a month watch no
no car broke his fall right yeah
let's shake it off Sandra Bullock that's
the way we do it on the streets
all right don't you slang it's like
watching a nun make out it's
uncomfortable Melissa McCarthy nice big
one for you sweetheart my mom no cell
phones right now
Oh different story Samara
that was pretty awesome